# Back Story & Design choices for version 1.0.0

I loved how easy it was to place electric poles in vanilla Factorio by dragging a whole line. But inserters often fell in the gaps where no power is supplied, so I had to place a lot of poles one by one. It felt strange to be forced to put in the extra work when an easier method is available. The solution: fill in the gaps of the coverage area using [Better Poles](https://mods.factorio.com/mod/Better_Poles).

The next "problem" was that a wire length of medium poles doesn't match up nicely with other ranges like those of robopots and radars. I planned to work with multiples of 10 and thus needed medium poles to be placed one tile further apart. I then figured other distances for all poles could come in handy for other layouts.

A good way to light up your base is to place a lamp next to every electricity pole, but that still had to be done individually until I discovered [Pole Lamps](https://mods.factorio.com/mod/PoleLamps). That replaces the vanilla poles and makes the lamps free though, and even reduces their electricity costs by 80%. That felt like an unnecessary cheat, so I kept the regular poles and added separate recipes for poles with lamps.

Finally, even if you use radars for really long distance transmission of circuit network signals, you may still need to carry them across several electric poles. I wasn't going to draw those one section at a time when everything else works automatically. Of course you may not want red and/or green wires everywhere, so I added a toggle for each.
