# Back Story & Design choices for version 2.0.0

When I wrote the first version of this mod, I had little experience with Factorio's modding system and code language. While working on other mods after this, I looked at many more examples and found a few ways to accomplish some things more efficiently, better organized and less prone to error. For example: I copied entire code blocks and manually replaced the pole name in multiple places. Later I realized I could reference the same code multiple times and insert the pole name dynamically. That way, if I find a bug or a Factorio update requires a change, I only have to fix it once instead of for each pole type.

Another thing I learned was that Factorio can layer icons, so I could combine icons from the vanilla game through code instead of in an image editor and include the result as a fixed image. This way, if the developers of Factorio decide to change the looks of electric poles, mine will reflect that automatically instead of me having to recreate each icon by hand.

This is all behind the scenes and shouldn't affect users. But two things that are visible in the game are a clearer thumbnail and icons. I noticed that it was difficult to see the difference between vanilla poles and poles with lamps when a number covers the bottom of the icon, such as the number of items you have in your inventory or how many you can craft. Therefore I moved the lamp on icons from the bottom to the right. (In the world they are of course still at the base of the pole.)
